[docs] Fix user-authn FAQ alert rendering (#18204)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/150-user-authn/docs/FAQ.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dex will mount the `keytab` automatically and start accepting SPNEGO. A server‑side `krb5.conf` is not required — tickets are validated using the keytab.
```

1. DexAuthenticator sets the cookie with the full refresh token (instead of issuing a ticket as for the ID token) because Redis does not persist data.
   If no ID token is found in Redis by the ticket, the user can request a new ID token by providing the refresh token from the cookie.

1. DexAuthenticator sets the `Authorization` HTTP header to the ID token value from Redis. This is not required for services like [Upmeter](/modules/upmeter/), as Upmeter permissions are less granular.
   For the [Kubernetes Dashboard](/modules/dashboard/), it is critical: the Dashboard passes the ID token on to access the Kubernetes API.

## How to generate a kubeconfig and access Kubernetes API?

`kubeconfig` for remote access to the cluster via `kubectl` can be generated in the `kubeconfigurator` web interface.

Configure the [publishAPI](/modules/user-authn/configuration.html#parameters-publishapi) parameter:

- Open the `user-authn` module settings (create the ModuleConfig `user-authn` resource if there is none):

  ```shell
  d8 k edit mc user-authn
  ```

- Add the following section to the `settings` block and save:

  ```yaml
  publishAPI:
    enabled: true
  ```

> The name `kubeconfig` is reserved for the kubeconfig generation web interface. The URL depends on the [publicDomainTemplate](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/api/global.html#parameters-modules-publicdomaintemplate) parameter (e.g. for `%s.kube.my` — `kubeconfig.kube.my`, for `%s-kube.company.my` — `kubeconfig-kube.company.my`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name `kubeconfig` is reserved for the kubeconfig generation web interface. The URL depends on the [`publicDomainTemplate`](/products/kubernetes-platform/documentation/v1/reference/api/global.html#parameters-modules-publicdomaintemplate) parameter (for example, for the template that looks like `%s.kube.my`, the kubeconfig generation web interface will be available at `kubeconfig.kube.my`, and for `%s-kube.company.my` — at `kubeconfig-kube.company.my`).
```
